README.md, before:

# Title

Videoplayer - A videoplayer where you can search for vieos and play them.(practice webpage)

# Introduction

Why did I create this project?
-I created this project only for practise purpose, to increase my toolbox.

What particular technology did I want to learn?
This project I focused on:

-Tailwind

-Typescript

-Redux

-Axios

-Methods

-React-router-dom

Is it for a non-profit organization?
-Yes it is, its only for me.

What was the inspiration behind creating the project?
-I wanted to increase my toolbox and therefore this project

# Technologies applied

-Tailwind

-Typescript

-Redux

-Axios

-Methods

-React-router-dom

-React-icons

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

added a readme heads up, to read if the user find an issue

README.md, after:

# Title

Videoplayer - A videoplayer where you can search for vieos and play them.(practice webpage)

# Introduction

Why did I create this project?
-I created this project only for practise purpose, to increase my toolbox.

What particular technology did I want to learn?
This project I focused on:

-Tailwind

-Typescript

-Redux

-Axios

-Methods

-React-router-dom

Is it for a non-profit organization?
-Yes it is, its only for me.

What was the inspiration behind creating the project?
-I wanted to increase my toolbox and therefore this project

# Technologies applied

-Tailwind

-Typescript

-Redux

-Axios

-Methods

-React-router-dom

-React-icons

# Heads up

This is a try-out version, so if the webpage only loads or get an error in the console
it is because the search quote exceeded for the API key. Let me know and if you want to see it I fix the issue
immediately.

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
